[thinking]
I KNOW YOU'RE OUT HERE.
I CAN FEEL IT IN MY GUT.
I DON'T LIKE THIS!
NOT EVEN ONE LITTLE BIT!
JADEN!
WHERE ARE WE GOING?!
TO FIND JESSE!
AGAIN?!
BUT WE HAVE NO IDEA
WHERE JESSE IS!
COME ON!
WE SHOULD STOP
AND THINK THIS THROUGH.
Ojama yellow:
JUDGING BY THE FACT
THAT WE'RE WALKING
IN THE MIDDLE OF NOWHERE
DURING A SANDSTORM,
I THINK IT SAFE
TO SAY THAT JADEN'S DONE
THINKING THINGS THROUGH.
[thinking]
I JUST THAT IF WE
KEEP FOLLOWING JADEN,
THINGS DON'T END UP
LIKE THEY DID BEFORE
WITH EVERYONE GETTING
SENT TO THE STARS.
COME ON, EVERYBODY,
STICK TOGETHER!
Ojama yellow:
STICK TOGETHER?!
HOW ABOUT I JUST TRY
TO STAY IN ONE PIECE?!
AAH!
Jaden: CHAZZ!
Jaden: ALEXIS!
WHOA.
HASSELBERRY! ATTICUS!
Both: AAH!
THIS STORM'S
PLAYING TRICKS ME...
Crowler: JADEN, I CAN'T GO ON,
THE STORM'S TOO STRONG!
♪♪
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
[GROANS]
HUH?
HEY, LOOK!
[GASPING]
WHAT IS IT?!
Zane: IT'S A GIANT DOOR
OF SOME KIND.
JESSE'S GOTTA BE IN THERE.
WHERE'S HE GOING?!
WHO KNOWS!
JADEN, STOP!
UH!
Zane:
WHEN I SAY STOP, STOP!
HUH?
ZANE?!
LISTEN, THIS IS FOOLISH,
YOU CAN'T RUSH INTO THINGS.
BUT JESSE!
CANNOT BE HELPED...
AT LEAST NOT BY YOU
I'M AFRAID.
YOU'RE STILL WEAK, WHO KNOWS
WHAT'S THROUGH THAT DOOR.
AND YOU'VE GOT TO BE READY
FOR ANYTHING THAT COMES UP.
JADEN, THE LAST TIME
YOU DUELED UNPREPARED,
THE DARKNESS
TOOK YOU OVER.
A LOT OF BAD THINGS
HAPPENED
'CAUSE YOU LOST YOUR
WAY LOOKING FOR JESSE!
[EMOTIONAL GASP]
BUT JESSE NEEDS ME!
I PROMISE,
I'LL BE MORE CAREFUL.
COME ON!
IT'S FOR YOUR OWN GOOD.
YOU CAN'T STOP ME.
OH, YES, I CAN.
AND I'M NOT AFRAID
TO SHOW YOU HOW EITHER.
THAT IS IF
YOU'RE BRAVE ENOUGH!
WELL, ARE YOU, JADEN?
WHAT DOES ZANE
THINK HE'S DOING?!
WHY CAN'T WE ALL
JUST PLAY NICE?!
IT'S FOR HIS OWN GOOD.
ZANE'LL PROVE TO JADEN
THE TRUTH:
THAT HE'S NOT READY TO DUEL.
JADEN, IF YOU
CAN DEFEAT ME,
YOU'RE FREE TO GO
THROUGH THAT DOOR.
DEFEAT YOU?
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU NEED TO DUEL TO PROVE
THAT YOU'RE STRONG ENOUGH.
TO PROVE THAT
YOU'RE STILL NOT HAUNTED
BY WHAT YOU DID WHEN
YOU WERE THE SUPREME KING!
Crowler:
LET'S GIVE THEM SOME ROOM!
OKAY.
AND, JADEN, I'M NOT
HOLDING ANYTHING BACK!
AND I'LL START WITH THIS--
ARMORED CYBERN!
THEN I'LL PLAY
A FACEDOWN.
YOU'RE UP.
IF I HAVE TO.
I DRAW.
ALL RIGHT, I CAN DO THIS.
NOW, WHICH...
OH.
AAH!
[SCREAMING]
[LAUGHING]
POLYMERIZATION...
[ECHOING]
YOU MUST USE ITS POWER!
[GASPS]
NO, I CAN'T.
ITS POWER HURT
TOO MANY PEOPLE.
I'LL JUST SUMMON CLAYMAN
IN ATTACK MODE.
Zane: ATTACK MODE?!
HUH?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING,
JADEN?
YOU KNOW THAT MONSTER'S
BETTER IN DEFENSE MODE!
WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?!
I...UH...
[thinking]
I KNEW IT!
JADEN'S STILL TERRORIZED
BY HIS MEMORIES.
HE'S TOO CONFUSED
AND AFRAID TO DUEL
LIKE HE SHOULD!
I'LL, UM...
PLACE THREE FACEDOWNS.
BUT WHAT ABOUT
FUSION MONSTERS?!
SOMETHING'S NOT RIGHT.
I GUESS ZANE'S SUSPICIONS
ARE TURNING OUT TO BE TRUE.
Crowler:
JADEN IS SCARED!
IT'S MY MOVE.
I PLAY...
POWER BOND!
NOW I CAN FUSE TOGETHER
THE THREE CYBER DRAGONS
IN MY HAND,
IN ORDER TO FORM
CYBER END DRAGON!
SYRUS!
PLEASE, STOP YOUR BROTHER!
THIS NEEDS TO HAPPEN.
[ROARING]
OH.
AND BECAUSE HE WAS
SUMMONED TO THE FIELD
USING MY POWER BOND CARD,
MY CYBER DRAGON'S
ATTACK POINTS
ARE DOUBLED!
ARE YOU JUST GONNA
STAND THERE?!
COME ON!
AREN'T YOU GONNA DO ANYTHING
TO FINE TRY AND STOP ME?!
FINE, THEN, IF YOU'RE NOT
GOING TO DO ANYTHING...
I WILL!
I COMBINE
MY ARMORED CYBERN
AND MY CYBER END DRAGON
TO FORM THIS...
[ECHOING]
MY ARMORED CYBER END!
NOW IF I TAKE AWAY
1,000 ATTACK POINTS,
THIS DRAGON CAN
REALLY DO SOME DAMAGE!
IT CAN DESTROY
ONE CARD ON YOUR FIELD
EACH TIME IT ATTACKS!
GO, JUDGMENT CANNON!
THIS MIGHT WAKE YOU UP!
NO!
AND I'LL DO IT
OVER AND OVER AGAIN!
UNLESS YOU STOP ME.
THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT
I THOUGHT WOULD HAPPEN.
YOU COULD'VE
COUNTERED MY ATTACK,
BUT YOU WERE TOO AFRAID
TO FUSE YOUR SPARKMAN AND
SPARK BLASTER LAST TURN.
YEAH.
SO TELL ME...
WHAT ELSE ARE YOU
HOLDING BACK?
LET'S TAKE A QUICK PEEK!
HERO BARRIER?
WHY WOULDN'T YOU
PLAY THAT SPELL?
IT COULD'VE STOPPED
MY DRAGON.
AND WHY ARE YOU
PLAYING SO AFRAID?
WHERE'S THE JADEN
I USED TO KNOW AND DUEL?
LET'S SEE, WHAT
ELSE ARE YOU HIDING?
AH...
THAT WAS THE TRAP
EMERGENCY CALL!
WHICH MEANS YOU COULD
HAVE SUMMONED SPARKMAN!
AND IF YOU THROW IN
SPARK BLASTER AND
HERO BARRIER,
YOU WOULD HAVE STOPPED
CYBER END'S ATTACK AND
DESTROYED MY CYBERN!
HUH?
ARGH! AH...
DO YOU KNOW
WHAT YOU ARE, JADEN?
A SHADOW OF THE DUELIST
YOU ONCE WERE!!!
YOU CAN'T RESCUE
JESSE LIKE THIS.
[GROANING]
WHY ISN'T JADEN
STANDING UP TO ZANE?!
ALL HE HAS TO DO...
IS DUEL LIKE HE KNOWS HE CAN,
OTHERWISE HE'S GOING TO LOSE.
HE'S JUST FAKING!
THIS IS ALL JUST
A TRICK, RIGHT?
I'M SORRY, BUT YOU
WERE RIGHT ZANE,
I'M NOT READY...
HUH?
YOU SEE, WHEN I WAS
THE SUPREME KING...
I USED THE POWER
OF POLYMERIZATION
TO DESTROY EVERYTHING
IN MY PATH.
NOW...TOO AFRAID...
TOO AFRAID I WON'T
BE ABLE TO CONTROL IT!
BUT, JADEN,
THAT WAS THE PAST.
THAT CARD
CAN ALSO DO GOOD!
[thinking]
BUT IF HE'S TO FRIGHTENED
TO USE POLYMERIZATION,
IT LOOKS LIKE I'M GONNA
HAVE TO GO THRU THAT DOOR
AND FIND JESSE MYSELF!
[WHIMPERING]
GET OUTTA THE WAY, JADEN!
I'M COMING THROUGH!
[GASPS]
[GROANING]
WHERE'D HIS
DRAGON GO?!
ZANE?!
HE DOESN'T LOOK
SO GOOD.
SYRUS!
HE'S HURT!
[STRAINING]
JUST PROMISE ME...
THAT WHATEVER HAPPENS
GOING FORWARD...
YOU'LL CONQUER
YOUR FEAR,
AND YOUR PAST...
BEFORE YOU GO SEARCHING
THROUGH THAT DOOR!
OH!
WE'RE COMING, ZANE!
WHAT HAPPENED?!
JADEN, WHERE YOU GOING?
[ZANE PANTING]
MY HEART IS WEAK.
ALL THOSE YEARS OF FIGHTING
IN UNDERGROUND DUELS
HAVE FINALLY TAKEN THEIR TOLL.
[SCREAMING]
WHAT NOW?
SYRUS, KEEP AN EYE ON JADEN,
'CAUSE HE'S GONNA
NEED YOU MORE THAN EVER.
[GASPS]
YOU GOT IT, ZANE,
GET BETTER.
HEY, WHAT ABOUT ME?!
DON'T FORGET ME!
GOOD LUCK, SYRUS.
IT WAS NOBLE OF YOU
TO RISK YOUR HEALTH...
FOR JADEN.
CROWLER, HE MAY BE
YOUR ONLY HOPE.
YES, IT'S TRUE, MASTER!
HA HA!
WONDERFUL NEWS.
POOR JADEN IS POWERLESS.
[CHUCKLING]
WHICH OF COURSE MEANS
THAT THE TIME IS RIGHT
FOR ME TO MAKE MY MOVE!
[EVIL LAUGH]
WHAT DID ZANE MEAN
"CONQUER MY PAST"?
[GASP]
THIS VILLAGE...
HOW COULD I CAUSE
ALL THIS DESTRUCTION?
WHAT HAVE I DONE?!
THOSE POOR PEOPLE,
THERE'S NOTHING LEFT BUT RUBBLE.
OH!
I PLAY POLYMERIZATION!
[SHUDDERING]
ALL THIS DESTRUCTION...
IT'S MY FAULT.
HOW CAN I EVER DUEL
KNOWING IT MIGHT HAPPEN AGAIN?!
[CHIRPING]
I CAN'T LOOK AT THIS ANYMORE...
HE REALLY DOESN'T
LOOK TOO HAPPY.
THAT'S CAUSE JADEN'S
STILL FILLED WITH GUILT.
HE NEEDS TO REALIZE
THAT EVERYTHING THAT
HAPPENED HERE ISN'T
HIS FAULT!
BUT HOW?
THAT'S EASIER SAID
THAN DONE, SYRUS!
UH-HUH. YOU'RE RIGHT.
BUT THAT'S WHY
WE'RE HERE OJAMA,
TO REMIND JADEN THAT
NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENED BEFORE,
HIS FRIENDS ARE GONNA
STAND BY HIM NOW!
[Jaden thinking]
I REMEMBER THIS PLACE.
IT'S THE VILLAGE
OF SIR FREED AND HIS PEOPLE.
AND THIS WAS THE HOME
OF THE YOUNG BOY KYLE
AND HIS FATHER...
HMM...
SIR FREED!
OH!
THIS IS THE PRISON CAMP WHERE
I FIRST CAME LOOKING FOR JESSE.
AND THAT'S THE SPOT WHERE
I SENT ZURE TO THE STARS.
[CHIRPS]
I CAUSED SO MUCH PAIN.
HMM?
BRRON'S FORTRESS.
OH, NO...
IT'S THE ARENA WHERE
OUR FRIENDS GOT SENT AWAY!
[GROANING]
HUH?
[SCREAMING]
THAT'S WHERE MY FRIENDS WERE
ALL CHAINED UP UNTIL THEY...
THEY ALL VANISHED.
MY FRIENDS ARE GONE!
THEY'RE ALL SENT TO THE STARS!
KURIBOH, THIS IS MY FAULT!
[CRYING]
[CHIRPING]
WHY DID I DO IT?!
WHAT KIND OF FRIEND AM I?
[EVIL LAUGHTER]
HUH? WHAT NOW?
AND YOU CALL YOURSELF
THE SUPREME KING?
[SCOFFING CHUCKLE]
I DON'T!
HE'S LONG GONE.
I KNOW.
HOWEVER, YOU CAN STILL
HELP ME GET WHAT I NEED.
BECAUSE, IN SOME CIRCLES,
YOU'RE STILL REVERED
AS A DUELIST OF GREAT STATURE.
SO YOU SEE,
IF I WERE TO DEFEAT YOU,
A VICTORY LIKE THIS WOULD
ACCELERATE MY RISE TO POWER.
YOUR INEVITABLE LOSS
WILL BE MY ULTIMATE GAIN.
SO THEN...WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE SHUFFLE UP AND DUEL
FOR YOUR CROWN?
HUH? HMM...
[thinking]
MAYBE THIS IS MY PUNISHMENT...
MAYBE IT'S TIME I JOIN
ALL THE FRIENDS THAT
I'VE LET DOWN...
AND GET SENT
TO THE STARS MYSELF.
UH-OH!
IT'S LIKE ZANE SAID!
JADEN'S STILL AFRAID!
WELL, HE BETTER BECOME
UNAFRAID AND FAST,
'CAUSE THIS GUY
MEANS BUSINESS!
JADEN,
DON'T DUEL HIM!
[thinking]
WHY NOT?
MAYBE IT'S MY TURN TO VANISH.
[EVIL LAUGHTER]
LET'S DUEL!
I'LL GO FIRST.
AND I'LL START THIS DUEL OFF
BY SUMMONING
FIEND SLIME MOLD!
NEXT I'LL LAY DOWN
A FACEDOWN!
[CHUCKLING]
I GUESS THE RUMORS
MUST BE TRUE.
YOU HAVE LOST YOUR NERVE.
I WAS HOPING FOR
AT LEAST ONE ROUND OF FUN.
I GUESS IT'S MY MOVE.
[SIGHS]
NOT THAT IT MATTERS!
HMM...
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL HERO
BURSTINATRIX.
AND SHE'LL ATTACK
YOUR FIEND SLIME MOLD!
[CHUCKLING]
IS THAT ALL YOU COULD MUSTER UP?
SIMPLY PATHETIC.
I TAKE IT THAT
IT MUST BE HARD
BEING AFRAID TO USE A CARD
THAT ONCE SUPPLIED YOU
WITH UNLIMITED POWER
AND BOUNDLESS GLORY.
BUT NONETHELESS,
THIS DUEL MUST CONTINUE.
I PLAY THE TRAP
GRAVITY GAIN!
AND THIS STOPS YOUR ATTACK!
IN FACT, IT STOPS ANY LEVEL-4
OR BELOW MONSTER FROM ATTACKING!
WITHOUT THE ABILITY TO FUSE,
YOUR DECK'S WORTHLESS!
KINDA LIKE YOU!
HA HA!
AND TO THINK YOU WERE
ONCE THE SUPREME KING!
IT'S YOUR TURN...
JADEN'S GOT NOT CHANCE
UNLESS HE CAN FINALLY
FIND THE COURAGE TO
FORGIVE HIMSELF!
[WHIMPERS]
YOU THINK HE WILL?
I HOPE SO.
NOW I ACTIVATE
THE SPECIAL ABILITY
OF MY FIEND MOLD.
DURING MY STAND-BY PHASE,
IF I GIVE UP 500
OF MY LIFE POINTS,
TAKE A GUESS
WHAT I GET IN RETURN.
ANOTHER FIEND SLIME MOLD
IN ATTACK MODE!
IN FACT, WHY SHOULD
I JUST STICK WITH ONE...
WHEN TWO ARE TWICE THE FUN!
NOW I'LL SEND
ONE FIEND MOLD TO MY GRAVE
TO KEEP GRAVITY GAIN IN PLAY.
AND THEN NEXT, I SEND ANOTHER
FIEND TO MY GRAVE TO SUMMON...
THIS CREATURE KNOWN AS
TWINHEADED BEAST
[ROARING]
AND SINCE HE'S LEVEL 6,
FORGET ABOUT HIM BEING AFFECTED
BY MY TRAP GRAVITY GAIN!
NOW, TWINHEADED BEAST,
ATTACK HIM AT ONCE!
[GROWLING]
[SCREAMING]
[JADEN GROANING]
AND GUESS WHAT?
TWINHEADED BEAST CAN ATTACK
TWICE EACH BATTLE PHASE!
AND WITH NO DEFENSES...
YOU TAKE THE FULL FORCE
OF MY ATTACK!
[ROARING]
[SCREAMING]
I'M FINISHED.
[GASPING]
AH!
[EVIL LAUGHTER]
MY TURN.
I DRAW...
AH, NOT ANOTHER
FUSION CARD!
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL
HERO WILDHEART.
HIS WILDHEART
IS IMMUNE TO TRAPS,
SO THERE GOES
GRAVITY GAIN.
FORTUNATELY,
TWINHEADED BEAST
CAN STILL TAKE HIM
OUT IN A FIGHT!
WHICH MEANS...
JADEN'S FINISHED!
[GASPS]
SYRUS.
IT'S ME.
BASTION?!
SO HOW'S JADEN
DOING THESE DAYS?
WE HEARD THAT
HE HAD TURNED HIMSELF
INTO SOME SORT OF
DARK AND EVIL RULER!
BASTION!
HE CERTAINLY ISN'T PLAYING
THE PART VERY WELL.
HE DOESN'T LOOK LIKE
HE'S RULER OF ANYTHING.
HE ISN'T THE KING.
AT LEAST NOT ANYMORE.
BUT HE'S STILL HAUNTED
BY ALL THE DARK MEMORIES,
AND HE'S LOSING
BECAUSE OF IT!
AH!
HE'S LOSING?!
Syrus:
THAT'S RIGHT, BASTION,
AND HE DOESN'T HAVE A CHANCE!
YOU SEE HE'S AFRAID
TO USE ANY FUSION CARDS
BECAUSE OF ALL
THE DESTRUCTION THEY CAUSED
WHEN HE WAS THE SUPREME KING!
[EVIL LAUGHTER]
BUT IF HE DOESN'T
PLAY ONE NOW,
HE'LL LOSE.
[Jaden thinking]
I CAN'T GET PAST IT.
THESE CARDS, THEY CAUSED
TOO MUCH PAIN AND SUFFERING.
I WON'T....I WON'T
USE THEM EVER AGAIN!
[SCREAMING]
ALL THOSE POOR PEOPLE...
I CAN'T RISK IT.
WHAT IF TURN DARK AGAIN...
I-- I CAN'T WIN!
♪ CHILLING
OUT WITH YOUR CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT
CLASS, THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪